# Overview

{Important!  Do not say in this section that this is college assignment.  Talk about what you are trying to accomplish as a software engineer to further your learning.}

{Provide a description of your app.  Describe how to use the app.}
An application outlining the story of a cat named Carl.

This application is pretty simple. It's kind of like a choose your own adventure without any choices. The first screen has some story and you can click the button to see the next bit of story on the second screen. The button on the second screen takes you to the first.

{Describe your purpose for creating this app.}
I wanted to stretch my legs with Android application development. I've made applcations in Unity before, but Unity wouldn't be as good of a tool for developing an app for a company. (Walmart, Target, Subway, SRP, ect)

{Provide a link to your YouTube demonstration.  It should be a 4-5 minute demo of the app running and a walkthrough of the code.}

[Software Demo Video](http://youtube.link.goes.here)

# Development Environment

Android Studio

* Java was the main language used. 
* A little bit of xml modification was used, but most of it was generated by Android Studioo.

# Useful Websites

{Make a list of websites that you found helpful in this project}
* [Android Developer Guide](https://developer.android.com/guide)
* [Fragment vs Activity](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-a-fragment-and-an-activity-in-android/)

# Future Work

{Make a list of things that you need to fix, improve, and add in the future.}
* Add more screens
* Learn more about Navigation graph to open up the pathing between screens.
* Change colors of screens to make the application more unique
